[DOCS] Indicator enhancements in 8.6 (#2766)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cases/indicators-of-compromise.asciidoc

[[intelligence-page-ui]]
== Indicators page UI

> After you add indicators to the Indicators page, you can <<examine-indicator-details, examine>>, search, filter, and take action on indicator data. Indicators also appear in the Trend view, which shows the shows accumulative values in the legend.

Author: Very close, this should actually be "total accumulative values".

```suggestion
After you add indicators to the Indicators page, you can <<examine-indicator-details, examine>>, search, filter, and take action on indicator data. Indicators also appear in the Trend view, which shows the total accumulative values in the legend.
```

> After you add indicators to the Indicators page, you can <<examine-indicator-details, examine>>, search, filter, and take action on indicator data. Indicators also appear in the Trend view, which shows the total accumulative values in the legend.

Author: ```suggestion
After you add indicators to the Indicators page, you can <<examine-indicator-details, examine>>, search, filter, and take action on indicator data. Indicators also appear in the Trend view, which shows the total values in the legend.
```

`file.hash.sha256 : c207213257a63589b1e1bd2f459b47becd000c1af8ea7983dd9541aff145c3ba`.

Using a KQL query that includes both the indicator and source event allows Timeline to find all events and alerts that have matching field-value pairs.

[discrete]
[[attach-indicator-to-case]]
== Attach indicators to cases

> Provide more context to your investigations by attaching indicators to cases:

Author: @dhru42 sure, I can work this in. I'm always a fan of describing the value a new feature provides so I have no objections to working this in. How about something like:

Attaching indicators to cases provides more context and actionability to your investigations. This also allows you to share or escalate threat intelligence to other teams or workflows.

> Provide more context to your investigations by attaching indicators to cases:

Reviewer: Perfect, thank you @nastasha-solomon

> Provide more context to your investigations by attaching indicators to cases:

Author: ```suggestion
Attaching indicators to cases provides more context and actionability to your investigations. In doing this, you can easily share or escalate threat intelligence to other teams or workflows.

To add indicators to cases:
```

. From the Indicators table and click the *More actions menu* *(…​)*. Alternatively, open an indicator's details, then select *Take action*.

> . Select one of the following:
> .. *Add to existing case*: From the *Select case* dialog box, select the case to which you want to attach the indicator. 
> .. *Add to new case*: Configure the case details. Refer to <<cases-ui-open>> to learn more about opening a new case. 
> 
> The indicator is added to the case as a new comment. 

Reviewer 2: A couple small Asciidoc fixes: the options should be bullets, not ordered steps, and the final line should be a continuation of step 2, not main body text. The bullets also have to be encased in an [open block](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/continuation/#attach-to-ancestor-list) (`--`) to get the correct alignment. (I tested this syntax locally so it should work, but might want to double-check on your end too.)
```suggestion
. Select one of the following:
+
--
* *Add to existing case*: From the *Select case* dialog box, select the case to which you want to attach the indicator. 
* *Add to new case*: Configure the case details. Refer to <<cases-ui-open>> to learn more about opening a new case. 
--
+
The indicator is added to the case as a new comment. 
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/indicator-added-to-case.png[Shows an indicator attached to a case]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
image::images/indicator-added-to-case.png[An indicator attached to a case]
```

[discrete]
[[review-indicator-in-case]]
=== Review indicator details in cases

> When you attach an indicator to a case, the indicator is added a new comment with the following details:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you attach an indicator to a case, the indicator is added as a new comment with the following details:
```

> * *Indicator name*: The name of the indicator. Clicking on the linked name opens the Indicator details flyout, which contains additional indicator metadata in JSON format.

Author: ```suggestion
* *Indicator name*: The name of the indicator. Clicking on the linked name opens the Indicator details flyout, which contains additional information about the indicator. Indicator details are provided in JSON format.
```

> * *Feed name*: The name of the threat feed that the indicator was ingested from.

Author: ```suggestion
* *Feed name*: The name of the threat feed from which the indicator was ingested.
```

> * *Indicator name*: The name of the indicator. Clicking on the linked name opens the Indicator details flyout, which contains additional information about the indicator. Indicator details are provided in JSON format.
> * *Feed name*: The name of the threat feed from which the indicator was ingested.

Reviewer 2: Maybe omit some of the more repetitive details, make the actions more straightforward:
```suggestion
* *Indicator name*: Click the linked name to open the Indicator details flyout, which contains additional information about the indicator. Indicator details are in JSON format.
* *Feed name*: The threat feed from which the indicator was ingested.
```

* *Indicator type*: The indicator type, for example, `file` or `.exe`.

[discrete]
[[delete-indicator-from-case]]
=== Remove indicators from cases

> To remove an indicator attached to a case, click the *More actions* menu *(…​)* in the case comment, then click *Delete attachment*. 

Reviewer 2: A little less wordy:
```suggestion
To remove an indicator attached to a case, click *More actions* (*...​*) -> *Delete attachment* in the case comment. 
```

`file.hash.sha256 : c207213257a63589b1e1bd2f459b47becd000c1af8ea7983dd9541aff145c3ba`.

Using a KQL query that includes both the indicator and source event allows Timeline to find all events and alerts that have matching field-value pairs.

[discrete]
[[attach-indicator-to-case]]
== Attach indicators to cases

> Attaching indicators to cases provides more context and actionability to your investigations. In doing this, you can easily share or escalate threat intelligence to other teams or workflows.

Reviewer 4: Simplifying and tightening up just a bit here.
```suggestion
Attaching indicators to cases provides more context and available actions for your investigations. This feature allows you to easily share or escalate threat intelligence to other teams.
```
